There are times when peace can be threatened.
I found that out firsthand.
We both said things we wish we hadn't.
I thought she was just being too sensitive.
I couldn't even concentrate on the meeting.
I thought, why is she overreacting?
I felt like telling someone.
Maybe I should talk to my friends.
I thought about calling her relative.
Maybe I should just go to the elders.
It was disturbing my sleep.
It's all I could think about.
The next day, I volunteered to work at a Kingdom Hall project.
But earlier that morning,
I read Matthew 523 and 24,
where it says,
if then you are bringing your gift to the altar
and there you remember that your brother has something against you,
leave your gift there in front of the altar and go away.
First, make your peace with your brother
and then come back and offer your gift.
How could I make a sacrifice to Jehovah
when I'm not at peace with my sister?
I had to leave my gift and first make peace.
Billy talked from the heart.
I didn't want to lose my sister,
and she didn't want to lose me.
It's amazing how wonderful it feels when you make peace.
I am so happy.
I not only gained my sister back,
but I gained a truer and deeper friend.
My relationship with the congregation is stronger
and I feel closer to Jehovah.